docs/index.md, before:

# Overview

What does it mean to make an online community "better"? In this project, we seek to understand what community members value in their communities. This project consists of two parts: first, a small scale [qualitative survey](qual_survey.md) of 39 redditors, which used open-ended free text response questions to develop a taxonomy of 29 different values across 9 major categories, and second, a larger-scale [quantitative survey](quant_survey.md) which used the taxonomy from the previous survey to gather responses from 2,769 redditors across 2,151 subreddits.

We make anonymized responses from the quantitative survey public to support future research. Details and downloads for this dataset are available [here](quant_survey.md).

# Papers

### [Making Online Communities 'Better': A Taxonomy of Community Values on Reddit](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.05152.pdf)

This paper describes our [qualitative survey](qual_survey.md) and taxonomy of community values.

### [What Makes Online Communities 'Better’? Measuring Values, Consensus, and Conflict across Thousands of Subreddits](https://link_todo)

This paper describes our [quantitative survey](quant_survey.md) and large-scale analysis of responses.

# People

### Tim Althoff

[Tim Althoff](http://timalthoff.de/) is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering, where he runs the [Social Futures Lab](http://bdata.uw.edu/).

### Amy X. Zhang

[Amy X. Zhang](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~axz/) is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering, where she runs the [Social Futures Lab](https://social.cs.washington.edu/).

### Galen Weld

[Galen Weld](https://galenweld.com/) is a PhD student at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering.

Commit message:

added new link to dataset

docs/index.md, after:

# Overview

What does it mean to make an online community "better"? In this project, we seek to understand what community members value in their communities. This project consists of two parts: first, a small scale [qualitative survey](qual_survey.md) of 39 redditors, which used open-ended free text response questions to develop a taxonomy of 29 different values across 9 major categories, and second, a larger-scale [quantitative survey](quant_survey.md) which used the taxonomy from the previous survey to gather responses from 2,769 redditors across 2,151 subreddits.

We make anonymized responses from the quantitative survey public to support future research. Details and downloads for this dataset are available [here](quant_survey.md).

# Dataset

We make anonymized responses from the [quantitative survey](quant_survey.md) public to support future research. Details and downloads for this dataset are available [here](quant_survey.md).

# Papers

### [Making Online Communities 'Better': A Taxonomy of Community Values on Reddit](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.05152.pdf)

This paper describes our [qualitative survey](qual_survey.md) and taxonomy of community values.

### [What Makes Online Communities 'Better’? Measuring Values, Consensus, and Conflict across Thousands of Subreddits](https://link_todo)

This paper describes our [quantitative survey](quant_survey.md) and large-scale analysis of responses.

# People

### Tim Althoff

[Tim Althoff](http://timalthoff.de/) is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering, where he runs the [Social Futures Lab](http://bdata.uw.edu/).

### Amy X. Zhang

[Amy X. Zhang](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~axz/) is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering, where she runs the [Social Futures Lab](https://social.cs.washington.edu/).

### Galen Weld

[Galen Weld](https://galenweld.com/) is a PhD student at the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering.
